README.md, before:

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/regentmarkets/flutter-chart/badge.svg?branch=pull/7&t=AA56dN)](https://coveralls.io/github/regentmarkets/flutter-chart?branch=pull/7)

# flutter-chart
A financial chart library for Flutter mobile apps.

## Getting Started

Add this to your project's pubspec.yaml file:

```yaml
deriv_chart:
    git:
      url: git@github.com:regentmarkets/flutter-chart.git
      ref: dev
```

## Usage

Import the library with:

```dart
import 'package:deriv_chart/deriv_chart.dart';
```

Simplest usage:

```dart
final candle1 = Candle(
  epoch: DateTime.now().millisecondsSinceEpoch - 1000,
  high: 400,
  low: 50,
  open: 200,
  close: 100,
);
final candle2 = Candle(
  epoch: DateTime.now().millisecondsSinceEpoch,
  high: 500,
  low: 100,
  open: 100,
  close: 500,
);

Chart(
  mainSeries: CandleSeries([candle1, candle2]),
  pipSize: 4, // digits after decimal point
  granularity: granularity, // duration of 1 candle in ms (for ticks: average ms difference between ticks)
  // TODO: add isLive
);
```

Supply different `Series` for `mainSeries` parameter to switch between chart types (candle / line).

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries([candle1, candle2]),
  pipSize: 4,
);
```

### Indicators

To add more series with same y-scale supply them as an array to `overlaySeries` parameter.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries([candle1, candle2]),
  overlaySeries: [
    MASeries(candles),
  ],
  pipSize: 4,
);
```

### Callbacks

Use `onVisibleAreaChanged` for listening to chart's scrolling and zooming.
`leftEpoch` is the timestamp of the chart's left edge.
`rightEpoch` is the timestamp of the chart's right edge.
Check out the example where loading of more data on scrolling is implemented.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries(candles),
  pipSize: 4,
  onVisibleAreaChanged: (int leftEpoch, int rightEpoch) {
    // do something (e.g. load more data)
  },
);
```

Use `onCrosshairAppeared` for listening to chart's cross-hair.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries(candles),
  pipSize: 4,
  onCrosshairAppeared: () => Vibration.vibrate(duration: 50),
);
```

### Markers

Supply `markerSeries` to show markers on the chart.

```dart
Chart(
  ...,
  markerSeries: MarkerSeries([
    Marker.up(epoch: 123, quote: 10, onTap: () {}),
    Marker.down(epoch: 124, quote: 12, onTap: () {}),
  ]),
);
```

Supply `activeMarker` to show active marker on the chart.
See `/example` for a complete implementation.

```dart
Chart(
  ...,
  markerSeries: MarkerSeries(
    [
      Marker.up(epoch: 123, quote: 10, onTap: () {}),
      Marker.down(epoch: 124, quote: 12, onTap: () {}),
    ],
    activeMarker: ActiveMarker(
      epoch: 123,
      quote: 10,
      onTap: () {},
      onOutsideTap: () {
        // remove active marker
      },
    ),
  ),
```

Supply `entryTick` and `exitTick` to show entry and exit tick markers.

```dart
Chart(
  ...,
  markerSeries: MarkerSeries(
    [...],
    entryTick: Tick(epoch: ..., quote: ...),
    exitTick: Tick(epoch: ..., quote: ...),
  ),
```

### Barriers

To add horizontal/vertical barriers, specify them in the `annotations` parameter of the chart.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries(candles),
  pipSize: 4,
  annotations: <ChartAnnotation> [
    HorizontalBarrier(60, title: 'Take profit'),
    VerticalBarrier(candles.last.epoch, title: 'Buy time'),
  ],
);
```

### Theme

Chart has its own default dark and light themes that switch depending on `Theme.of(context).brightness` value.
You can supply your own theme, but then you would have to handle switching yourself. To do so create you own theme class which either implements `ChartTheme` or extends `ChartDefaultDarkTheme`/`ChartDefaultLightTheme` and override only those properties that you need to be different and then pass it to the `Chart` widget. See [ChartTheme](https://github.com/regentmarkets/flutter-chart/blob/dev/lib/src/theme/chart_theme.dart) for more info.

```dart
class CustomTheme extends ChartDefaultDarkTheme {
  @override
  GridStyle get gridStyle => GridStyle(
        gridLineColor: Colors.yellow,
        xLabelStyle: textStyle(
          textStyle: caption2,
          color: Colors.yellow,
          fontSize: 13,
        ),
      );
}
```

```dart
Chart(
    ...
    theme: customTheme /*instance of your custom theme*/,
    ...
)
```

### Localization

To use the ChartLocalization, you should add the `ChartLocalization.delegate` to your `localizationsDelegates` inside the `MaterialApp` that you added the chart in.
When you want to change the locale of the chart,use this code:

```dart
ChartLocalization.load(locale);
```

### DerivChart

A wrapper around our chart widget to manage adding/removing indicator and saving/restoring selected indicator on `SharedPreferences`.

## Usage:

All other previouse properties from `Chart` widget are available here, except `overlaySeries` that is managed internally.

```Dart
DerivChart(
   mainSeries: ...,
   annotations .
   ...
)
```

Commit message:

Add defining style for series classes

README.md, after:

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/regentmarkets/flutter-chart/badge.svg?branch=pull/7&t=AA56dN)](https://coveralls.io/github/regentmarkets/flutter-chart?branch=pull/7)

# flutter-chart
A financial chart library for Flutter mobile apps.

## Getting Started

Add this to your project's pubspec.yaml file:

```yaml
deriv_chart:
    git:
      url: git@github.com:regentmarkets/flutter-chart.git
      ref: dev
```

## Usage

Import the library with:

```dart
import 'package:deriv_chart/deriv_chart.dart';
```

Simplest usage:

```dart
final candle1 = Candle(
  epoch: DateTime.now().millisecondsSinceEpoch - 1000,
  high: 400,
  low: 50,
  open: 200,
  close: 100,
);
final candle2 = Candle(
  epoch: DateTime.now().millisecondsSinceEpoch,
  high: 500,
  low: 100,
  open: 100,
  close: 500,
);

Chart(
  mainSeries: CandleSeries([candle1, candle2]),
  pipSize: 4, // digits after decimal point
  granularity: granularity, // duration of 1 candle in ms (for ticks: average ms difference between ticks)
  // TODO: add isLive
);
```

Supply different `Series` for `mainSeries` parameter to switch between chart types (candle / line).

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries([candle1, candle2]),
  pipSize: 4,
);
```

## Styling Line/CandleSeries

You can change the appereance of Line/CandleSeries by giving `Style`to them.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: CandleSeries(
    [candle1, candle2], 
    style: CandleStyle(
        positiveColor: Colors.green, 
        negativColor: Colors.red
    ),
  ),
  ...
);
```

### Indicators

To add more series with same y-scale supply them as an array to `overlaySeries` parameter.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries([candle1, candle2]),
  overlaySeries: [
    MASeries(candles),
  ],
  pipSize: 4,
);
```

### Callbacks

Use `onVisibleAreaChanged` for listening to chart's scrolling and zooming.
`leftEpoch` is the timestamp of the chart's left edge.
`rightEpoch` is the timestamp of the chart's right edge.
Check out the example where loading of more data on scrolling is implemented.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries(candles),
  pipSize: 4,
  onVisibleAreaChanged: (int leftEpoch, int rightEpoch) {
    // do something (e.g. load more data)
  },
);
```

Use `onCrosshairAppeared` for listening to chart's cross-hair.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries(candles),
  pipSize: 4,
  onCrosshairAppeared: () => Vibration.vibrate(duration: 50),
);
```

### Markers

Supply `markerSeries` to show markers on the chart.

```dart
Chart(
  ...,
  markerSeries: MarkerSeries([
    Marker.up(epoch: 123, quote: 10, onTap: () {}),
    Marker.down(epoch: 124, quote: 12, onTap: () {}),
  ]),
);
```

Supply `activeMarker` to show active marker on the chart.
See `/example` for a complete implementation.

```dart
Chart(
  ...,
  markerSeries: MarkerSeries(
    [
      Marker.up(epoch: 123, quote: 10, onTap: () {}),
      Marker.down(epoch: 124, quote: 12, onTap: () {}),
    ],
    activeMarker: ActiveMarker(
      epoch: 123,
      quote: 10,
      onTap: () {},
      onOutsideTap: () {
        // remove active marker
      },
    ),
  ),
```

Supply `entryTick` and `exitTick` to show entry and exit tick markers.

```dart
Chart(
  ...,
  markerSeries: MarkerSeries(
    [...],
    entryTick: Tick(epoch: ..., quote: ...),
    exitTick: Tick(epoch: ..., quote: ...),
  ),
```

### Barriers

To add horizontal/vertical barriers, specify them in the `annotations` parameter of the chart.

```dart
Chart(
  mainSeries: LineSeries(candles),
  pipSize: 4,
  annotations: <ChartAnnotation> [
    HorizontalBarrier(60, title: 'Take profit'),
    VerticalBarrier(candles.last.epoch, title: 'Buy time'),
  ],
);
```

### Theme

Chart has its own default dark and light themes that switch depending on `Theme.of(context).brightness` value.
You can supply your own theme, but then you would have to handle switching yourself. To do so create you own theme class which either implements `ChartTheme` or extends `ChartDefaultDarkTheme`/`ChartDefaultLightTheme` and override only those properties that you need to be different and then pass it to the `Chart` widget. See [ChartTheme](https://github.com/regentmarkets/flutter-chart/blob/dev/lib/src/theme/chart_theme.dart) for more info.

```dart
class CustomTheme extends ChartDefaultDarkTheme {
  @override
  GridStyle get gridStyle => GridStyle(
        gridLineColor: Colors.yellow,
        xLabelStyle: textStyle(
          textStyle: caption2,
          color: Colors.yellow,
          fontSize: 13,
        ),
      );
}
```

```dart
Chart(
    ...
    theme: customTheme /*instance of your custom theme*/,
    ...
)
```

### Localization

To use the ChartLocalization, you should add the `ChartLocalization.delegate` to your `localizationsDelegates` inside the `MaterialApp` that you added the chart in.
When you want to change the locale of the chart,use this code:

```dart
ChartLocalization.load(locale);
```

### DerivChart

A wrapper around our chart widget to manage adding/removing indicator and saving/restoring selected indicator on `SharedPreferences`.

## Usage:

All other previouse properties from `Chart` widget are available here, except `overlaySeries` that is managed internally.

```Dart
DerivChart(
   mainSeries: ...,
   annotations .
   ...
)
```
